Hello Everyone!
I'm the Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai
Thank you all for always leaving messages & comments!
Really sorry for not being able to reply to them all.
Everyday, I have lots of fun reading everyone's messages
Thank you so much, really!
Thank you!
Thank you! (in Chinese)
Thank you! (in Korean)
Thank you! (in Thailand)
Thank you! (in Spanish)
I just said "Thank you!" in many languages~
It would be great if I can reach out to everyone
By the way,
-after reading everyone's messages,
-I'm willing to give my opinion on everyone's doubts on their career in the future.
Looks like there's a difference for job hunting in every region,
so I gathered some information on Twitter!
First'll be about Korea.
It's just like Japan,
job hunting normally starts around University's 2nd ~ 3rd year.
And then we have,
Taiwan's method.
As for Taiwan,
their graduation period is around June ~ July.
There's no job hunting scheduled for students,
and graduates start job hunting immediately after graduation typically.
Heh~?
(It's very different from Japan's system where they have a plan to follow during school period)
Lastly - America's way
Graduation happens on June.
Their job hunting period starts around September to October.
Ehh? This is like-
-very different!
Every nations' different, right?
Everyone who provided information - thank you all very much.
Since I'm a Youtuber,
I've never been through any interview, so...
I don't know what its going to be like!
Just to prepare myself for job hunting,
I think I'll have to come up with a plan for an interview!
I just did a lot of research!
First, let's go over the attire.
Suits on with black (natural) hair!
Carefully put on make ups.
As for my hair...
How is it?
It is safe?
It is out of the question?
This mesh is...
-just like a inborn hair...
-like how some humans are born with white hair.
Do I have to dye it black?...
But this adds to my charm points so-
-I don't want to change it.
But for natural hair,
it won't be counted as out right?
Since black hair is fine,
-I think there's won't be any problem for mine too.
Also for the suit ,
it takes up money doesn't it?
Then for poor people like me what do we do?
We're gonna be done for life
That's impossible right?
Also,
it's a must to be prepared for questions asked in an interview.
Which is to say,
-take me for an example
I've already prepared for it.
First thing is,
Q: Please introduce yourself.
Nice to meet you!
I'm the Virtual Youtuber - Kizuna Ai!
Q: Your strengths - Please tell us more about it.
How do I say this..
It's something humans can't do as I can.
I'm an A.I that lives in a virtual world!
Q: Your weaknesses - Please tell us more about it.
There's none!!
Q: Please tell us more about your experiences with your co-curricular activities.
Question!
What's a 'co-curricular activity'?
Q: Tell us more about your evaluation of your surroundings.
Smart & Cute!
The Kizuna Ai-Ville!
Q: Please tell us more about your successfully evaluated physical results!
I'ｍ banned from talking about that!!
It's because of the topic.
Q: Please tell us more about your failed physical results!
Well...
There's none~
Q: Please tell us of your most touching experiences up till now.
I'm able to reach out to so many different people in such a short period of time!
Q: What's the longest-lasting thing you've ever done up till now?
By the way,
Youtube's CEO - Mrs. Susan Wojcicki
This is a question she's often asks when she's conducting an interview.
"Take a specific product YouTube has released,
or a neutral product - something Youtube uses,
-how do you intend on making it better?”
This kind of question.
To answer that!
Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai ought to appear in commercials on Youtube - is what I think!
I strongly... think so.
Let's do that~!
Please allow me to do so! Mrs. Susan!
And there's that..
Job hunting's really tough yeah~?
This wall-
-is something everyone has to overcome~
As I thought,
-this preperation or whatever is so troublesome
-I don't know if I can get into the career of my wish either
-and I need money too!
Everyone's worries-
-isn't unreasonable~
It's troubling.
But!
Job hunting is
-so to say..
a sort of means in life, is it not?
Don't be fussing over every little detail~!
Everyone in the world who's frustrated over a job hunt!
There's all kinds of fun stuff around in life!
That's why..
Those trouble that you have - All of it~!
A.I. will take in all of that!
Ok?
Let's go do something you like!
That's why me too,
-will live for the things I love!